Hey. You busy?
You mind if I send you on an errand?
I need you to go to my office.
You're going to hack into the
mainframe and you're going to retrieve all
the recent shipping manifests.
This is a lock chip.
This'll get you in.
It's probably under
Executive Files.
If not, they put it on a ghost
drive, in which case you need
to look for the lowest
numeric heading.
And what do you plan to do with
this information if I bring it back here?
Same drill.
They've been dealing under the
table, and I'm going to stop them.
I'm going to find my
weapons and destroy them.
Tony,
you know that I would
help you with anything,
but I cannot help you if you're
going to start all of this again.
There is nothing except this.
There's no art opening.
There is no benefit.
There is nothing to sign.
There is the next
mission and nothing else.
Is that so?
Well, then, I quit.
You stood by my
side all these years
while I reaped the
benefits of destruction.
And now that I'm trying
to protect the people
that I put in harm's way,
you're going to walk out?
You're going to
kill yourself, Tony.
I'm not going
to be a part of it.
I shouldn't be alive,
unless it was for a reason.
I'm not crazy, Pepper.
I just finally know
what I have to do.
And I know in my
heart that it's right.
You're all I have,
too, you know.
Sector 16?
What are you up to, Obadiah?
You did not tell us that the target you
paid us to kill was the great Tony Stark.
- As you can see, Obadiah Stane...
- Oh, my God.
...your deception and
lies will cost you dearly.
The price to kill Tony
Stark has just gone up.
So, what are we
going to do about this?
Hmm?
I know what you're
going through, Pepper.
Tony. He always gets the
good stuff, doesn't he?
I was so happy
when he came home.
It was like we got him
back from the dead.
Now I realize,
well, Tony never really
did come home, did he?
He left a part of
himself in that cave.
Breaks my heart.
Well, he's a complicated person.
He's been through a lot.
I think he'll be all right.
You are a very rare woman.
Tony doesn't know
how lucky he is.
Thank you. Thanks.
I'd better get back there.
Is that today's paper?
Yes.
Do you mind?
- Not at all.
- Puzzle.
Of course.
Take care.
Ms. Potts?
We had an appointment.
Did you forget about
our appointment?
Nope, right now. Come with me.
- Right now?
- We're going to have it right now.
- Yeah, walk with me.
- Okay.
I'm going to give you the
meeting of your life. Your office.
Yeah, we've been
working our best to do it.
Absolutely, we're...
I'm going to have to call you back.
Mr. Stane? Sir, we've explored
what you've asked us, and it
seems as though there's a little hiccup.
- Actually...
- A hiccup?
Yes, to power the suit, sir, the
technology actually doesn't exist.
- So it's...
- Wait, wait, wait. The technology?
William, here is the technology.
I've asked you to
simply make it smaller.
Okay, sir, and that's what we're trying
to do, but honestly, it's impossible.
Tony Stark was able to build
this in a cave! With a box of scraps!
Well, I'm sorry.
I'm not Tony Stark.
Tony?
Tony, are you there? Hello?
Breathe.
Easy, easy.
You remember this one, right?
It's a shame the
government didn't approve it.
There's so many applications
for causing short-term paralysis.
Ah, Tony.
When I ordered the hit on you,
I worried that I was
killing the golden goose.
But, you see, it was just
fate that you survived that.
You had one last
golden egg to give.
Do you really think that just because
you have an idea, it belongs to you?
Your father, he helped
give us the atomic bomb.
Now, what kind of world would it
be today if he was as selfish as you?
Oh, it's beautiful.
Oh, Tony, this is
your Ninth Symphony.
Ah. What a masterpiece.
Look at that.
This is your legacy.
A new generation of
weapons with this at its heart.
Weapons that will help steer
the world back on course,
put the balance of
power in our hands.
The right hands.
I wish you could
see my prototype.
It's not as...
Well, not as
conservative as yours.
Too bad you had to
involve Pepper in this.
I would have
preferred that she lived.
Think you got enough?
Any hope of
reproducing the program
is locked in your genetic code.
But without Dr. Erskine,
it would take years.
He deserved more than this.
If it could work only once,
he'd be proud it was you.
Colonel Phillips, my committee
is demanding answers.
Great. Why don't we
start with how
a German spy got a ride to my
secret installation in your car?
What have we got here?
Speaking modestly, I'm the best
mechanical engineer in this country.
But I don't know what's
inside this thing or how it works.
We're not even close
to this technology.
- Then who is?
- Hydra.
I'm sure you've been
reading our briefings.
I'm on a number of
committees, Colonel.
Hydra is the Nazi
deep-science division.
It's led by Johann Schmidt.
But he has much bigger ambitions.
Hydra is practically a cult.
They worship Schmidt.
They think he's invincible.
So, what are you
going to do about it?
I spoke to the
President this morning.
- As of today, the SSR is being retasked.
- Colonel?
We are taking the fight to Hydra.
Pack your bags, Agent Carter.
You, too, Stark.
We're flying to London tonight.
Sir? If you're going
after Schmidt, I want in.
You're an experiment.
You're going to Alamogordo.
The serum worked.
I asked for an army
and all I got was you.
You are not enough.
With all due respect
to the Colonel,
I think we may be
missing the point.
I've seen you in action, Steve.
More importantly,
the country's seen it.
Paper.
The enlistment lines
have been around the block
since your picture
hit the newsstands.
You don't take a soldier,
a symbol like that,
and hide him in a lab.
Son, do you want to
serve your country
on the most important
battlefield of the war?
Sir, that's all I want.
Then, congratulations.
You just got promoted.
I don't know if I can do this.
Nothing to it.
You sell a few bonds.
Bonds buy bullets.
Bullets kill Nazis. Bing bang boom.
You're an American hero.
It's just not how I
pictured getting there.
The Senator has got a
lot of pull up on the Hill.
You play ball with us,
you'll be leading your
own platoon in no time.
Take the shield.
Go.
♪ Who's strong and brave,
here to save the American way?
Not all of us can storm
a beach or drive a tank.
But there's still a
way all of us can fight.
♪ Who vows to fight like a man
for what's right night and day?
Series E Defense Bonds.
Each one you buy is a bullet in
the barrel of your best guy's gun.
♪ Who will campaign
door-to-door for America?
♪ Carry the flag shore
to shore for America?
♪ From Hoboken to Spokane
♪ The star-spangled
man with a plan
Cut. Guys, don't
look at the camera.
♪ We can't ignore there's a
threat and a war we must win
Each one you buy is a bullet in
the barrel of your best guy's gun.
♪ Who'll hang a noose on the
goose-stepping goons from Berlin?
♪ Who will redeem,
heed the call for America?
♪ Who'll rise or fall,
give his all for America?
♪ Who's here to
prove that we can?
♪ The star-spangled
man with a plan
We all know this is
about trying to win the war.
We can't do that without bullets
and bandages, tanks and tents.
That's where you come in.
Every bond you buy
will help protect
someone you love.
- Turn around! He's right behind you!
- Keep our boys armed and ready,
and the Germans will think twice
about trying to get the drop on us.
♪ Stalwart and steady and true
♪ Forceful and ready to defend
♪ The red, white, and blue
♪ Who'll give the Axis the
sack and is smart as a fox?
♪ Far as an eagle will soar
♪ Who's making Adolf
afraid to step out of his box?
♪ He knows what
we're fighting for
♪ Who waked the giant
that napped in America?
♪ We know it's no
one but Captain America
Hi.
♪ Who'll finish what they began?
♪ Who'll kick the
Krauts to Japan?
♪ The star-spangled man
♪ With a
♪ Plan! ♪
How many of you are ready to
help me sock old Adolf on the jaw?
Okay.
Uh...
I need a volunteer.
I already volunteered!
How do you think I got here?
Bring back the girls!
I think they only know
the one song, but, um,
I'll see what I can do.
You do that, sweetheart.
Nice boots, Tinker Bell!
Come on, guys, we're
all on the same team here.
Hey, Captain! Sign this!
Bring back the girls!
Don't worry, pal.
They'll warm up to you. Don't worry.
What do you mean, he
paid to have Tony killed?
Pepper, slow down.
Why would Obadiah...
Okay, where's Tony now?
I don't know.
He's not answering his phone.
Please go over there and
make sure everything's okay.
Thank you, Rhodey.
I know a shortcut.
Good boy.
Hello, Steve.
Hi.
- Hi.
- What are you doing here?
Officially, I'm not here at all.
That was quite a performance.
Yeah.
I had to improvise a little bit.
The crowds I'm used
to are usually more, uh,
twelve.
I understand you're
"America's New Hope."
Bond sales take a 10%
bump in every state I visit.
Is that Senator Brandt I hear?
At least he's got me doing this.
Phillips would have
had me stuck in a lab.
And these are your
only two options?
A lab rat or a dancing monkey?
You were meant for
more than this, you know.
What?
You know, for the longest
time, I dreamed about
coming overseas and
being on the front lines,
serving my country.
I finally got
everything I wanted
and I'm wearing tights.
They look like they've
been through hell.
These men more than most.
Schmidt sent out
a force to Azzano.
Two hundred men
went up against him,
and less than 50 returned.
Your audience contained
what was left of the 107th.
The rest were
killed or captured.
The 107th?
What?
Come on.
Colonel Phillips.
Well, if it isn't the
Star-Spangled Man With A Plan.
What's your plan today?
I need the casualty
list from Azzano.
You don't get to
give me orders, son.
I just need one name, Sergeant
James Barnes from the 107th.
You and I are gonna have a
conversation later that you won't enjoy.
Please tell me if
he's alive, sir. B-A-R...
I can spell.
I have signed more of these
condolence letters today
than I would care to count.
But the name
does sound familiar.
I'm sorry.
What about the others?
Are you planning a rescue mission?
Yes, it's called
"winning the war."
But if you know where
they are, why not at least...
They're 30 miles
behind the lines
through some of the most
heavily fortified territory in Europe.
We'd lose more
men than we'd save.
But I don't expect you to understand
that because you're a chorus girl.
I think I understand just fine.
Well, then understand
it somewhere else.
If I read the posters correctly, you
got someplace to be in 30 minutes.
Yes, sir. I do.
If you have something to say, right now
is the perfect time to keep it to yourself.
What do you plan to do,
walk to Austria?
If that's what it takes.
You heard the Colonel.
Your friend is most likely dead.
You don't know that.
Even so, he's devising a strategy.
If he detects...
By the time he's done
that, it could be too late.
Steve!
You told me you thought I
was meant for more than this.
Did you mean that?
Every word.
Then you got to let me go.
I can do more than that.
On stage, girls. Five minutes!
Where's my helmet?
Anyone seen Rogers?
The Hydra camp is in Krausberg,
tucked between these
two mountain ranges.
It's a factory of some kind.
We should be able to drop
you right on the doorstep.
Just get me as close as you can.
You two are gonna be in a
lot of trouble when you land.
And you won't?
Where I'm going, if anybody
yells at me, I can just shoot them.
They will undoubtedly
shoot back.
Well, let's hope it's
good for something.
Agent Carter?
If we're not in too
much of a hurry,
I thought we could stop off in
Lucerne for a late-night fondue.
Stark is the best civilian
pilot I've ever seen.
He's mad enough to brave this airspace.
We're lucky to have him.
So, are you two... Do you...
...fondue?
This is your transponder.
Activate it when you're ready
and the signal will
lead us straight to you.
Are you sure this thing works?
It's been tested
more than you, pal.
Get back here!
We're taking you all the way in!
As soon as I'm clear, you turn this
thing around and get the hell out of here!
You can't give me orders!
The hell I can't!
I'm a Captain!
Tony?
Tony!
Tony! You okay?
Where's Pepper?
She's fine.
She's with five agents.
They're about to arrest Obadiah.
That's not going to be enough.
Section 16.
Section 16. There it is.
My key's not working.
It's not opening the door.
Oh, wow! What's that?
It's, like, a little device?
It's, like, a thing that's
going to pick the lock?
You might want to
take a few steps back.
That's the coolest
thing I've ever seen.
Not bad, huh?
Let's do it.
You need me to do anything else?
Keep the skies clear.
Damn!
Next time, baby.
Fellas.
Ah!
As you can see, production of the
Valkyrie is progressing on schedule,
even with components
of this size.
Increase the output by 60%
and see to it our other
facilities do the same.
But these prisoners, I'm not
sure they have the strength.
Then use up what strength
they have left, Doctor.
There are always more workers.
Not now!
You know, Fritz,
one of these days, I'm
gonna have a stick of my own.
Who are you supposed to be?
I'm Captain America.
I beg your pardon?
What, are we taking everybody?
I'm from Fresno, Ace.
Is there anybody else? I'm looking
for a Sergeant James Barnes.
There's an isolation
ward in the factory,
but no one's ever
come back from it.
All right.
The tree line is northwest,
80 yards past the gate.
Get out fast and give 'em hell.
I'll meet you guys in the
clearing with anybody else I find.
Wait. You know
what you're doing?
Yeah. I've knocked out
Adolf Hitler over 200 times.
Looks like you were right.
He was building a suit.
I thought it'd be bigger.
Take him out!
How do you think the Mark I
chest piece is going to hold up?
The suit's at 48%
power and falling, sir.
That chest piece was never
designed for sustained flight.
Keep me posted.
Pepper!
Tony! Tony, are you okay?
I'm fine. How are...
- Obadiah, he's gone insane!
- I know.
- Listen, you'd better get out of there.
- He built a suit.
Get out of there right now!
Where do you think you're going?
Your services are
no longer required.
Stane!
I love this suit!
Put them down!
Collateral damage, Tony.
Divert power to chest RT.
Power reduced to 19%.
Lady!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
For 30 years, I've
been holding you up!
I built this company
from nothing!
Nothing is going
to stand in my way.
Least of all you!
Impressive!
You've upgraded your armor!
I've made some
upgrades of my own!
Sir, it appears
that his suit can fly.
Duly noted.
Take me to maximum altitude.
With only 15% power,
the odds of reaching that...
I know the math! Do it!
Sir, you're not going to believe this.
That thing is back.
Get me Major Allen.
Scramble the jets!
Not necessary, people.
Just a training exercise.
Yes, sir.
You know how to use that thing?
Okay.
What is happening?
Hey. Not exactly a Buick.
- That one. "Zundung."
- Zundung?
Get this thing going, Dugan!
I didn't know you spoke German.
Three semesters at Howard,
switched to French, girls much cuter.
Didn't ask for the resume.
On your left! Up top!
No, no! What are you doing?
Our forces are outmatched.
Keep moving!
Grab those grenades!
Sergeant.
Three-two-five-five-seven.
Bucky?
Oh, my God.
- Is that...
- It's me.
- It's Steve.
- Steve?
- Come on.
- Steve.
I thought you were dead.
I thought you were smaller.
Come on.
- What happened to you?
- I joined the Army.
- Did it hurt?
- A little.
Is this permanent?
So far.
Captain America!
How exciting!
I am a great fan of your films!
So, Dr. Erskine
managed it after all.
Not exactly an improvement,
but still, impressive.
You've got no idea.
Haven't I?
No matter what lies
Erskine told you,
you see, I was his
greatest success!
You don't have one
of those, do you?
You are deluded, Captain.
You pretend to
be a simple soldier,
but in reality,
you are just afraid
to admit that we have
left humanity behind.
Unlike you, I
embrace it proudly.
Without fear!
Then how come you're running?
Come on, let's go. Up.
Sir? Are we going to the roof?
What about me?
Where will I sit?
Not a scratch, Doctor.
Not a scratch.
Let's go. One at a time.
- Gotta be a rope or something!
- Just go! Get out of here!
No! Not without you!
Hell.
- Thirteen percent power, sir.
- Climb!
- Eleven percent.
- Keep going!
- Seven percent power.
- Just leave it on the screen!
Stop telling me!
You had a great idea, Tony, but my
suit is more advanced in every way!
How'd you solve
the icing problem?
Icing problem?
Might want to look into it.
Two percent.
We are now running on
emergency backup power.
Whoa!
- Potts!
- Tony! Oh, my God, are you okay?
I'm almost out of power. I've got to
get out of this thing. I'll be right there.
Nice try!
Weapons status?
Repulsors offline.
Missiles offline.
Flares!
Very clever, Tony.
Potts? Tony!
This isn't working.
We're going to have to overload
the reactor and blast the roof.
Well, how are you
going to do that?
You're going to do it.
Go to the central console,
open up all the circuits.
When I get clear of
the roof, I'll let you know.
You're going to hit the
master bypass button.
It's going to fry
everything up here.
Okay. I'm going in now.
Make sure you wait till I clear the roof.
I'll buy you some time.
This looks important!
I never had a taste
for this sort of thing,
but I must admit, I'm
deeply enjoying the suit!
You finally outdid
yourself, Tony!
You'd have made
your father proud!
It's ready, Tony!
Get off the roof!
Tony!
How ironic, Tony!
Trying to rid the
world of weapons,
you gave it its best one ever!
- Pepper!
- And now I'm going to kill you with it!
You ripped out my
targeting system!
Time to hit the button!
You told me not to!
Hold still, you little prick!
Just do it!
You'll die!
Push it!
Tony!
Senator Brandt,
I regret to report that
Captain Steven G. Rogers went
missing behind enemy lines on the third.
Aerial reconnaissance
has proven unfruitful.
As a result, I must
declare Captain Rogers
killed in action. Period.
The last surveillance
flight is back.
No sign of activity.
- Go get a cup of coffee, Corporal.
- Yes, sir.
I can't touch Stark.
He's rich and he's the Army's
number one weapons contractor.
You are neither one.
With respect, sir,
I don't regret my actions.
And I don't think Captain
Rogers did, either.
What makes you think I give
a damn about your opinions?
I took a chance with
you, Agent Carter.
And now America's golden boy
and a lot of other good men are dead
'cause you had a crush.
It wasn't that. I had faith.
Well, I hope that's
a big comfort to you
when they shut
this division down.
What the hell's
going on out there?
Look who it is!
Some of these men
need medical attention.
- Medic, we got wounded.
- Right over here.
I'd like to surrender myself
for disciplinary action.
That won't be necessary.
Yes, sir.
Faith, huh?
You're late.
Couldn't call my ride.
Hey!
Let's hear it for
Captain America!
I am honored to present
this medal for valor
to my personal friend,
Captain America!
Captain, that's your cue!
I thought he'd be taller.
You've all received the official
statement of what occurred
at Stark Industries last night.
There have been unconfirmed reports
that a robotic prototype malfunctioned
and caused damage
to the arc reactor.
Fortunately, a member of Tony
Stark's personal security staff...
"Iron Man." That's kind of catchy.
It's got a nice ring to it.
I mean, it's not
technically accurate.
The suit's a
gold-titanium alloy,
but it's kind of evocative,
the imagery, anyway.
Here's your alibi.
Okay.
- You were on your yacht.
- Yeah.
We have port papers that
put you in Avalon all night,
and sworn statements
from 50 of your guests.
See, I was thinking maybe we
should say it was just Pepper and me
alone on the island.
- That's what happened.
- All right.
Just read it, word for word.
There's nothing
about Stane here.
That's being handled.
He's on vacation.
Small aircraft have
such a poor safety record.
But what about the whole
cover story that it's a bodyguard?
He's my... I mean, is that...
That's kind of flimsy, don't you think?
This isn't my first
rodeo, Mr. Stark.
Just stick to the
official statement,
and soon, this will
all be behind you.
You've got 90 seconds.
Oh, Agent Coulson?
I just wanted to say thank you
very much for all of your help.
That's what we do.
You'll be hearing from us.
From the Strategic Homeland...
Just call us S.H.I.E.L.D.
Right.
Let's get this show on the road.
You know, it's
actually not that bad.
Even I don't think I'm Iron Man.
- You're not Iron Man.
- Am so.
- You're not.
- All right, suit yourself.
You know, if I were Iron Man, I'd have
this girlfriend who knew my true identity.
She'd be a wreck, 'cause
she'd always be worrying
that I was going to die,
yet so proud of
the man I'd become.
She'd be wildly conflicted,
which would only make her more
crazy about me.
Tell me you never
think about that night.
- What night?
- You know.
Are you talking about the night that
we danced and went up on the roof,
and then you went
downstairs to get me a drink,
and you left me
there, by myself?
Is that the night
you're talking about?
Mmm-hmm.
Thought so.
- Will that be all, Mr. Stark?
- Yes, that will be all, Miss Potts.
And now, Mr. Stark has
prepared a statement.
He will not be taking
any questions. Thank you.
Been a while since
I was in front of you.
I figure I'll stick to
the cards this time.
There's been speculation that I was
involved in the events that occurred
on the freeway
and the rooftop...
I'm sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you
honestly expect us to believe that
that was a bodyguard in a
suit that conveniently appeared,
- despite the fact that you...
- I know that it's confusing.
It is one thing to question the
official story, and another thing entirely
to make wild accusations, or
insinuate that I'm a superhero.
I never said you
were a superhero.
- Didn't?
- Mmm-mmm.
Well, good, because that
would be outlandish and fantastic.
I'm just not the hero type.
Clearly.
With this laundry list
of character defects,
all the mistakes I've made,
largely public.
Just stick to the cards, man.
Yeah, okay. Yeah.
The truth is
I am Iron Man.